[uplifting music]
[motorcycle ride]
[splashing waves]
[uplifting music]
[uplifting music stops]
[splashing waves]
[water splash]
[startled]
[Sadewo] I don't need help!
[gasping]
[splashing waves]
[spitting liquid]
[Sadewo] Are you crazy?
[Sadewo] Were you trying to drown me?
[Bumi] No. I saw you sinking.
That's why I helped you.
Drowning? Your head!
I was relaxing.
[Sadewo] Understand
the meaning of relaxing?
- Huh?
- Relaxing?
I'm sorry, sir.
[Sadewo] Sorry!
[soft music]
[motorcycle ride]
[Rahmi] How many times have I told you?
[Rahmi] You should go by car,
not motorbike.
I want to look cool, Mom.
Shh! I'm having a headache.
Mr. Kadek's child is sick.
Meanwhile,
there are guests to be picked up tomorrow.
Don't be too serious.
We'll find a solution, Mom.
Come on. Let's go up.
[Bumi] Oh, dear. Don't
you know how tired I am?
[Rahmi] You can't even climb the stairs.
[upbeat music]
Hello.
I'm Paris.
Hello, Paris.
But I'm not married yet.
So, what should be written there
is "Miss Paris".
Not "Mrs. Paris".
Yes... Sorry, Miss.
"Paris."
Without "Miss".
[upbeat music]
I want to ride shotgun.
[Bumi] No problem.
Where are we going?
Just drive first.
[upbeat music]
How long will you stay in Bali?
I've paid for the car and the driver
for one week.
If I need them longer,
I will pay again.
That's not what I meant.
Are you in Bali for vacation or...
Do I have to tell you
why I go to Bali?
[Paris] Just ask the foreigners there.
Why I come here
is none of your business.
Your business is to take me to places.
[upbeat music]
[Paris] Bring this for me.
I forgot I haven't had lunch yet.
Accompany me to eat.
I can't eat alone.
Sorry, but...
No driver
has ever accompanied their guests to eat.
[Paris] Is that so?
Good then.
We can start that with us.
Drivers cannot refuse
a guest's request, right?
[soft music]
Sorry, I was rude.
[cutlery clinking]
No, thanks.
[Bumi] Thank you.
[soft music]
[car slow driving]
Wait.
Where's my other suitcase?
[upbeat music]
[Bumi] The usual, bro.
[Sadewo] What are you doing here?
Calm down, Uncle. I'm not doing anything.
I just want to enjoy the night.
Here, come on.
I'd also like to offer you a drink.
[Bumi] Cheers, Uncle.
[clinking glasses]
I didn't want to disturb you,
I was afraid you were relaxing.
[Bumi] Hey!
Calm down.
You act as if you know much.
This is my business card.
I just finished driving for a guest.
So, if you need anything,
just call. All good.
[upbeat music]
Do you come here often, Uncle?
Hey, don't call me "Uncle".
Just call me "Bro".
[gigling]
- Sir Bro.
- Bro.
- Sir Bro...
- [Sadewo] Bro!
- Sir Bro.
- Whatever.
[Sadewo] Thank you.
- [Sadewo] Do you have money to pay for this?
- All good!
I do.
- You're paying for my drink?
- Of course.
- [Sadewo] Okay.
- Just enjoy it.
- Hang on, Sir Bro. My mother.
- [Sadewo] Okay.
[phone vibrating]
[music]
[Sadewo] What's wrong?
[Bumi] My mom told me to go home.
[Bumi] Sounded important.
[upbeat music]
[Bumi] Bro, here.
Cheers, Bro.
Enjoy, okay?
Hey.
Thank you.
Cheers.
[mumbling]
[upbeat music]
[car slow driving]
[Paris] Ma'am, whose photo is this?
[footsteps approaching]
This is my son, Bumi.
The one who picked you up.
Oh. Sorry, I thought...
Bumi is a driver who works here.
Bumi is on holiday.
[Rahmi] He is currently studying
in his final semester in Jakarta.
[Rahmi] That photo...
was from his last
birthday with his father.
Have a drink, Paris. Go on.
Thank you.
[car arrive and stop]
[footsteps approaching]
[Bumi] Mom.
Sorry, Ma'am. I completely forgot
that your stuff...
I accidentally brought
your stuff with me, Miss.
I'll bring it to you.
Sorry, Ma'am.
I told you to call me Paris.
Not Miss or Ma'am.
Yes.
Paris.
Sorry, Mom. It's not that I'm rude...
Paris. Sorry, Paris.
Let me take Paris home.
- Excuse me, Ma'am.
- Yes.
- [Rahmi] Thank you.
- Please.
Yes.
[car driving]
Out of all my stuff...
why did my pink suitcase
get left behind in your car?
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
[awkward laughing]
Mrs. Rahmi, the owner of this rental car...
is your mother?
So what?
Do you want to apologize...
because you told
me to carry your things?
Why should I apologize?
I've paid for the car rental.
Why do I have to carry my own things?
I'm hungry.
Restaurants are about to close.
We can look for takeaway meal or...
do delivery order.
Anything you want to eat specifically?
- Seafood, meat?
- Anything.
[disappointed sigh]
[motorbike passing]
[Bumi] Check again
if any of your items have gone missing.
There's no way
an undergraduate student steals.
[Bumi] Well...
What did my mother tell you about me?
[Paris] Hmm?
Okay then. Gotta go.
What time do you want to be
picked up tomorrow by Mr. Kadek?
No, I don't want Mr. Kadek.
I want to be with you.
I'm not a driver.
I only replaced Mr. Kadek
whose child was sick.
[Paris] Hey, wait.
I told you I couldn't eat alone.
You bought me food,
so you should accompany me to eat.
I forgot about that.
That's right. Come on.
[phone ringing]
Your cell phone rang just now.
Oh.
[mumbling]
My mother.
I'll call her back later.
[water pouring]
[Sighing]
Cheers.
For life.
[sipping]
You're lucky.
To have Bali as your home.
It feels like
enjoying life in heaven.
The place where you live
is also a beautiful city, right?
By the way, why is your name Paris?
Since you were born in Bali.
[mumbling]
My mother gave me that name.
Oh.
Back then...
my mother had a dream
of raising her child in Paris.
That's why my mother gave me
the name Paris.
Because to her,
I was one of her dreams that came true.
But unfortunately,
not all of her dreams came true.
That's why I return to Bali.
And you coming back here...
is that what you want?
I...
always learn...
that expectations will end
in disappointments.
So, as much as possible...
I believe in what is best for me.
So, if you ask whether...
this is exactly what I imagined
before I came here...
the answer is...
Well...
This is more than I imagined.
Because you met a driver like me?
[laughing]
Because...
I was picked up by a guy...
who I thought was a driver...
and what people think,
when he brought my stuff...
that he was my boyfriend.
But...
it turns out the plot twist is...
he's not a driver.
[giggling]
I don't know what God's intention was
by sending him to pick me up.
Sorry.
Don't get too excited.
It wasn't God who sent me.
It was my mother.
[laughing]
Geez.
It's been a while
since I laughed this freely.
[laughing]
When did you feel the happiest?
[soft music]
[Bumi] Psst!
[Bumi] Mr. Kadek!
Yes, what?
Mr. Kadek.
Tomorrow...
you should just look after your child.
Let me take the guest around.
- Are you sure?
- Uh-huh!
- Got it?
- Okay.
Your child is number one.
Okay.
Let me handle the guest.
I bet the guest is beautiful.
Nonsense.
It's not like that.
I feel sorry for you.
- I don't want you to leave your sick child.
- Is that so?
Uh-huh! Okay?
- Okay, thanks then.
- Okay.
- But don't tell anyone.
- Yes, for sure.
- Promise?
- For sure.
- Thumb? Thumb.
- Okay.
[soft music]
[footsteps walking down stairs]
[spraying parfume]
Hi, good morning.
Why are you here?
Mr. Kadek's not picking me up?
His child is still sick.
[upbeat music]
This is one of Mr. Mario
Blanco's paintings.
It's about a coconut.
So, Mr. Mario also got a MURI achievement
for a painting with the most beautiful frame.
[upbeat music]
Miss, let me take you to the next place.
[Paris] Come on.
[upbeat music]
[camera shutter]
Hold her. Be romantic.
[upbeat music]
[groaning]
[Bumi] Sorry.
[uplifting music]
See?
How annoying!
[grunting]
Come on. Tidy it up.
Don't ever give up.
We must remain enthusiastic as a youngster.
Yes?
Don't give up easily.
Excuse me.
- Hello?
- Bro.
- Where are you?
- [Bumi] Sir Bro!
Sir Bro! What's up, Sir Bro?
What's going on?
Yes, it's me.
Can you come here?
[Sadewo] I'm in my usual place.
With whom, Sir Bro?
I'll be waiting for you, okay?
Okay.
See? You toppled it yourself.
[laughing]
A friend asks me to accompany him.
But thanks for your stupid face.
Thank you for today.
But you can't let this be this messy.
Let's tidy it up first.
First, cheers.
[clinking glasses]
[soft music]
[Paris's mom] Good evening.
Good evening.
I miss you, Mom.
I miss you too, my darling.
So, have you found
what you were looking for?
[Paris's mom] Honey...
I had told you
before you left for Bali.
Are you sure you want to do this?
I'm sure.
I'll never regret my decision
to come to Bali.
[Paris] And I'm also sure...
that I can find
what I'm looking for.
When people are trying to relax, there
could only be two problems in their lives.
First...
money problem.
And the second?
Calm down.
Woman problem.
I'm sure about that.
Hey, Bro.
- Bro.
- [Bumi] Huh?
[Sadewo] Listen to me first.
You're crazy, aren't you?
Can't you see how stressed I am?
That woman really ruined my life.
Destroyed my pride.
Not only my pride as a husband,
but my pride as a man!
I'm done.
- How come?
- I don't know.
Oh, dear...
You shouldn't accept that, Sir Bro.
In my opinion, you should fight.
- You can't just do nothing.
- Do you think I didn't do all that?
[Sadewo] Ouch!
- Honey, I'm sorry.
- [Sadewo's wife] You want to fight?
Have you forgotten
that I know all your secrets?
Or do you want to go to jail?
Is that so?
Looking at your appearance,
about money...
I'm sure
you have no problem with that.
Last order.
- [Sadewo] Oh, right.
- Let me.
- You have money?
- I have.
Calm down.
But looking at your appearance...
- [Bumi] Thank you.
- [waitress] Thank You.
Which woman wants to be with a man
who has money but acts like a homeless?
Hey, you don't think I'm cool?
You're cool.
So, what's the problem?
You're just not neat.
I can't be neat.
That's the problem!
Sometimes people think,
"Okay, my appearance is okay enough."
Well, that can't be allowed, Sir Bro.
As men, we can't be content easily.
[Bumi] One day, we should look different.
[Bumi] It's okay to be
neat once in a while.
Boom! Push your chest forward like this.
I'm sure women will love it!
Shh!
Come with me tomorrow, Sir Bro.
- To do what?
- I'll make you presentable.
Come on, I've paid.
Let's go.
[uplifting music]
[Bumi] Handsome.
[Bumi] We're going to the barber,
not a burger place.
- We'll eat later.
- Where else will we go?
All good!
This?
Okay, Sir Bro.
Relax.
[footsteps walking down stairs]
[Door opening]
Good morning, Miss. I'm Kadek.
Wait, where's Bumi?
Please. Do you want to sit in the front
or in the back?
[uplifting music]
[grunting]
[Bumi] Sir Bro, are you ready?
[Sadewo] Ready!
[Peter] Mr. Sadewo.
Yes?
Do you still remember me?
- Peter.
- Yes, I remember. Peter.
[Peter] We haven't seen each other for a long
time. I still remember the last time we met...
you were drunk with Siska.
Oh, yes.
Pleased to meet you again.
- I'll go in.
- Okay.
[Bumi] All good, Sir Bro?
[electro house music]
Thank you.
- [Bumi] Yup.
- [Sadewo] Yes!
To life, women, and freedom.
Salute.
[electro house music]
[Sadewo] Thank you, Bro.
You've been my lifesaver.
What are you talking about?
No way.
Thank you so much.
Cheers.
[electro house music]
I want to ask you a question.
You're handsome.
You'll finish college soon.
[electro house music]
Do you have a girlfriend?
No, Sir Bro.
You're crazy.
I already know this kind of trickery.
A playboy like you would say that.
I'm serious, Sir Bro.
If you don't have a girlfriend,
you won't be able to be my teacher.
I'm serious, Sir Bro.
Why won't you believe me?
Bring your girl here.
Introduce her to me.
Don't act as if you're low profile.
Drinking is the only way
for me to calm down.
Why is that, Sir Bro?
I've always taken the wrong path.
[Sadewo] I left a good girl.
And I got a girl
which makes my life like hell instead.
Wait, what do you mean?
How can it be like that?
I'm like most other men.
I never think with this,
but with this.
This!
[lauhing]
Sir Bro, that's normal.
All men think with this first,
and with this afterward.
Okay.
That's normal.
But you know, right?
My life is done.
You know...
your wife is a successful woman.
Successful?
Hey, listen to me.
If she's successful,
I wouldn't be done like this.
What I should keep...
I let go.
Here's the thing, Sir Bro.
There is a proverb.
A successful man...
is a man who can get more income...
than what his wife spends.
And a successful woman...
is a woman who can get a man like you.
- Is that so?
- Yes!
[giggling]
The proof is that now you can still support
your family. You can still live well.
- Sir Bro.
- Yes.
There's a story, Sir Bro.
There is an area...
which has a very deep well.
[Bumi] And in this well,
scary jinns await.
And over there...
there are only two living creatures.
A married couple.
When her husband wants to be free...
he brings his wife
towards the well...
and he throws her into the well.
- Imagine...
- And then?
how bad that man wants to be free.
But what happens afterward, Sir Bro?
Five minutes later,
all the jinns run away.
Scared of the wife.
Wait.
Hey.
I don't understand your story.
[funny music]
That means
the alcohol level is really high.
Let's have another toast then.
[Sadewo] To women,
life, and freedom! Cheers!
Free!
[laughing]
Gosh, that's really bad.
[Paris] Is there really such a cruel wife?
Well, that's what he said.
What kind of wife
do you think you will be?
It depends.
Depends on her husband.
Good point.
What about you?
What kind of woman are you looking for?
A woman...
that if her husband dies,
she will never remarry.
What about you?
A husband who will never leave
his family.
[joy shouting]
It's melting!
[upbeat music]
You like it?
- Proud?
- Yes.
[laughing]
Come on.
[Sadewo] Sis.
Where are you going?
Don't leave. This is our house.
- Where are you going, Sis?
- Let me go.
I know.
And you're still going to leave?
Who said I'm leaving?
That?
Here.
Take it.
Wait, you can't do this.
You can't kick me out. This is my house.
What are you saying?
You...
You are no longer useful here.
You'd better leave.
[melodramatic music]
Okay.
Let me take a shower first.
After that, I will leave.
[melodramatic music]
Go away quickly!
[vehicle passing]
I...
I like beaches.
I like rice fields.
And I like mountains.
Because for me,
to enjoy the beauty of nature...
there is a balance of soul.
[Paris] Balance?
[Bumi] Yes.
[soft music]
[startled]
Oh, dear.
[Bumi] Be careful.
[Bumi] Relax.
It hurts, doesn't it?
[soft music]
Just hold on to me, no need to be shy.
Are you still alone?
What do you mean?
Single?
Why are you asking?
[Paris] Back then...
I saw and felt my mother's pain
when my father left her...
for another woman.
Sorry.
I'm sorry for you.
[Bumi] Is that why you asked
if I'm still single?
[Bumi] Is that so? Because you're afraid...
that if someone sees
us together like this...
you will hurt each other?
[laughing]
[soft music]
And if I say I'm still single...
what are you going to do?
Because people won't ask that...
if they don't have the motivation
to fill that void.
[soft music]
No need to be nervous.
[uplifting music]
She's just proud.
[Sadewo] Good afternoon, Gek.
[Gek] Afternoon.
[Sadewo] I want to meet Bumi.
[Sadewo] Is this his house?
Yes.
- Good afternoon, Ma'am.
- [Rahmi] Yes.
I want to meet Bumi.
And who are you?
I'm his friend.
His friend?
Yes.
[Sadewo] I tried to call him,
but he didn't pick up.
Maybe the signal was bad.
Bumi is taking a guest around.
How do you know Bumi?
Oh.
Bumi has helped me several times.
Do you want to rent a car?
Let my staff drive you around.
You'll need to wait a long time for Bumi.
[Rahmi] Come on, Sir.
I'm worried that Bumi
will come back at night.
It's okay, Ma'am.
I'll wait for him.
- Is that so?
- [Sadewo] If I may.
- Have a drink then.
- Yes, thank you.
May I have a look at that, Ma'am?
[Rahmi] Yes.
Please.
[Sadewo] Oh, this is
Bumi when he was little.
Yes.
Bumi often talks about you.
But he never talked about his father.
[Sadewo] Where is his father now?
His father...
We never know what happened to him.
[Rahmi] That's why Bumi...
hates his birthday.
I never knew what happened to my husband.
[Rahmi] Only God knows...
what happened to...
Bumi's father.
I'm sorry to hear that.
[Rahmi] Thank you.
[sad music]
[Rahmi] Hey.
[Rahmi] Who is he?
- My friend.
- [Rahmi] Who is he?
[Bumi] Sir Bro.
[grunting]
Who is he?
Sir Bro...
[grunting]
Sir.
[Sadewo] Gosh, Ma'am. Do you need to sit?
[laughing]
Sorry, Ma'am.
Sir Bro, did you get kicked out?
You don't know that.
Sorry, Ma'am. I fell asleep.
Can I borrow Bumi for a while?
I'll bring him back home. Promise.
It won't be long, Mom.
It'll be quick.
I need to change my shirt.
In my room.
Over there.
Borrow?
Just a moment.
Who is that, anyway?
Who?
[electro house music]
[clinking glasses]
[Sadewo] This is a photo of my child.
[Sadewo] Beautiful, huh?
- Beautiful.
- Beautiful?
Very beautiful.
When she was five years old,
her mother took her abroad.
And since then, I haven't known how...
How to contact her.
[electro house music]
[Sadewo] Well...
[Sadewo] It was fifteen years ago.
I never move.
I never change my address.
Know why?
My hope is that one day,
my child will come and look for me.
And that the woman I love
will someday look for me too.
[electro house music]
It will happen, Sir Bro.
[Sadewo] I know...
fifteen years ago
I was too selfish.
[Sadewo] Pursuing my ambitions.
My wife only asked for one thing
at that time.
"Do you have time?"
"Just pay a little attention to us."
[electro house music]
I didn't do it.
I didn't pay attention,
let alone have time.
[electro house music]
[Sadewo] Until finally she said...
"What are you going to choose?"
Ambition is indeed a choice.
[Sadewo] Yes.
[Sadewo] Enough already.
Here.
Enough of my sad story.
Your turn, tell me a story.
I've been telling you my sad story.
Listen.
You've made me happy.
Now it's my turn to make you happy.
Invite your girl here.
Introduce her to me.
I'll treat you.
Okay?
Thank you, Sir Bro.
[clinking glasses]
[Paris] Why are you here?
I miss your stupid face.
Seriously?
I have somewhere to go.
Do you want to accompany me?
Why me?
Because my friend asked me
to bring my girlfriend.
But the only girl I'm close to is you.
So, well...
be my pretend girlfriend.
Please. Come on. Okay?
[Bumi] No need to be proud. Come on.
Come on. That's okay. Come on.
[uplifting music]
[laughing]
[Paris] Why you give that
thumb? Do I look good?
[holding laughter]
[vehicles passing]
Look at the sky tonight.
[Bumi] Do you know...
why there's only a few stars tonight?
Don't know?
That's because
you are beautiful tonight.
So, all the stars are in your eyes.
[laughing]
[club music]
[Bumi] Sir Bro!
[Sadewo] Crazy.
- Who are you with?
- A girl.
- Please wait.
- [Bumi] Okay, Sir Bro.
Sir Bro.
- Done?
- Done.
Later. My friend was there.
[club music]
- [Sadewo] Hey.
- Sir Bro.
Have you been here long?
- No.
- Want to drink?
I already got one.
- I've ordered.
- Okay.
That's okay.
Sir Bro, let me introduce her to you.
This is Sir Bro.
Sadewo.
Bumi never took you here before?
Is that so?
Yes.
What's wrong?
What did you say your name was?
What?
[club music]
Paris?
[Sadewo] Paris.
[tense music]
[crying]
Are you Paris?
[tense music]
Paris.
[slow music]
[Paris's mom] Let's blow this up, come on.
[sad music]
[Sadewo] Paris!
[slow music]
Dad.
Mom always taught me that with love,
there's always forgiveness.
Mom has forgiven you.
Even though you may not deserve it.
[slow music]
My coming here...
is because I'm an adult.
And because of my own volition.
[slow music]
Because I deserve answers.
Why someone who was supposed to love
and protect us...
left us instead?
I have the right, Dad.
I have the right to have a life...
and grow up with a father's love.
[Paris] But why were my rights taken away?
[Paris] We're the same, Dad.
We both live in regret.
[Paris] My regret is...
why when I first rode a bicycle...
when I first went to school...
the first time
I liked a guy...
At those times I had no father...
to look after me, to protect me.
Or even to scold me when I'm wrong.
You were not there!
You were never around!
[slow music]
Dad...
Maybe you're right.
My coming here...
Maybe it's because
God has forgiven you.
Because I'm your daughter.
[slow music]
But I don't have any power at all
to forgive you.
[Paris] I can only love you...
and get the answer to this question.
After all this time
we've been apart...
do you still love me?
Ssh... Don't say that, kid.
Listen, kid.
I still love you.
[slow music]
[grunting]
[Rahmi] Bumi. Let's eat.
Okay, mom. Wait a minute.
[melodramatic music]
Dad.
[Bumi] Sir Bro.
How are you?
You planned everything, didn't you?
How did you know
that Paris is my child?
Well...
That was when I realized that...
Paris came here
to look for his father.
And I just found out
that it turns out...
that you're her father.
[phone ringing]
So, I was looking for the right time
to bring you and Paris together.
How far is your relationship?
Well, I haven't known
her for long, Sir Bro.
- But...
- But what?
But what?
[Sadewo] But you haven't known each other
for long?
Good, then.
That means it's easy for you
to stay away from each other.
Why should we stay away from each other?
You're asking me?
Asking me why?
All of our fun moments together...
That's not what I expect
from my future child's partner.
I'm a man.
And every time I look in the mirror,
it's as if I'm talking to myself.
I don't want...
my child's partner
will be like me.
Sorry.
I'm not you,
if that's what you mean.
What if it was the universe
that united me with Paris?
Enough.
I don't need your excuse.
The most important thing for me now
is to make Paris happy...
after 17 years of my life
full of regrets.
Stay away from Paris.
Okay?
You pay for my coffee.
[Sadewo] My cell phone.
[melodramatic music]
[motorcycle ride]
- [Surfer] Excuse me, please.
- Alright.
- [Bumi] Thank you.
- You are welsome.
[melodramatic music]
[door knocking]
[Paris] Excuse me.
[Rahmi] Yes.
[footsteps approaching]
[door creaking]
[Rahmi] Paris?
[Rahmi] How strange.
Is there something urgent
that makes you look for Bumi?
Bumi doesn't make another mistake,
like when he took your suitcase, right?
No. Absolutely not.
Bumi helped me...
find someone
who had been apart from me.
This is a photo of me
when I was little.
[Paris] This is my mother, and...
my father who left us for 17 years.
[Paris] Thanks to Bumi,
I was able to find my father faster.
[Paris] Before, I only had this photo
to get to know my father.
[tense music]
[car passing]
[footsteps approaching]
Dad.
Hey.
[grunting]
[Sadewo] Sit down, Kid.
I couldn't wait for us to meet.
I miss you.
Have you eaten?
Miss.
Spaghetti aglio olio.
I still remember.
One spaghetti aglio olio,
one beef carbonara.
[waitress] Okay. Please wait.
Dad.
- What?
- Have you heard from Bumi today?
Actually, Kid...
there's so much
I want to talk about with you.
One of which is...
I want us to be together again.
Me...
You...
and your mother.
Regarding Bumi...
I want you to stay away from him.
Why should I stay away from him?
Dad.
If it weren't for him,
I might have given up.
I might have gone back to Paris.
Forgetting the reason I came here.
I also feel the same way.
Bumi is kind, smart, handsome, polite,
just got a bachelor's degree.
But nothing more than that.
Why, Dad?
Because he is not a good man for you.
So, this is why
Bumi isn't picking up my calls?
One day your feelings can change, too.
I'm sure of it.
Can your feelings towards Mom change?
You're wrong!
[Paris] You're so wrong!
[Paris] Imagine.
When you choose a wife...
do you want your wife to remarry
when you die?
You never gave me a good example.
[Paris] How is that possible, Dad?
We have just met.
But you ask me to forget someone
who's already in my heart?
[Paris] Why are you so quick
to judge others?
Meanwhile, you needed that much time
to realize your own mistakes.
[Paris] It's enough
that you break Mom's heart.
Let me make my own choice, Dad.
Do you remember
why my name is Paris?
Because Mom only has me.
Mom can't have a man she loves.
Do you want that to happen to me too?
Paris.
[Sadewo] Sit down, Child.
[Sadewo] Sit down, darling.
Listen to me.
How could he teach me
if he didn't have experience?
I changed, I had a stance.
My life was changed because of him.
But I feel like
he's not the right man for you.
No.
I hate you!
Forget him, Paris.
Paris.
[melodramatic music]
- [waitress] Please.
- Thank you.
[melodramatic music]
[Paris] What did you talk about
with my dad?
[music]
[Bumi] What your father said is true.
Bumi.
I don't agree
with my father deciding my soul mate.
[Paris] I was surprised
when Dad forbade us to meet again.
And what surprised me most,
why did you do what he asked?
You think I don't know
your history with your father?
And you think my being here
is a coincidence?
I'm waiting for you, Paris.
[Sadewo] Look there, kid. Look!
- Thank you, Ma'am.
- [Rahmi] Yes.
Thank you.
[Sadewo] Come on.
[splashing waves]
[little Paris] What is that?
This is my age.
Eight?
Today is my birthday.
Happy birthday.
[little Bumi] Thank you.
And I will always wait for you here
even though I'm not sure you'll come.
[melodramatic music]
I miss your stupid face.
I'll never let go
what I should have.
And I always hoped...
I could take a photo with my father when
on my eighth birthday and the years after.
[melodramatic music]
And after meeting you,
I always hope again.
I don't want to lose you
even though your father will hinder me.
[melodramatic music]
[footsteps moving away]
[footsteps approaching]
Mom.
What's wrong?
[Bumi] Missing Dad, huh?
I once asked the police...
to track the suspected vehicle
that ran over your father...
based on on-site testimony.
But somehow...
the vehicle could not be tracked.
I'm only a commoner.
I didn't know what else I should do.
Calm down, Mom.
The person who took your father's life...
he also took away your life and my life.
He also killed any
chance for you to live...
with a father who loves you.
[sobbing]
But that was a long time ago, Mom.
[Bumi] Are you still
looking for the perpetrator?
Do you want to sue the perpetrator?
If I sue, will...
your father come back?
Bumi.
Can you really forgive
the person who hit your father?
[Bumi] So, what do you want me to do, Mom?
Bumi.
Do you really like Paris?
What are you actually trying to say, Mom?
Wait.
Why are you suddenly asking that?
[chair scraping]
Are you willing to accept...
that the person who hit your father
was Paris' father?
[tense music]
Mom, where's Dad?
[Rahmi] Right, why hasn't he come home yet?
[walking back and forth]
Dad?
Ma'am, good evening.
We found your husband in an accident.
[Police officer] Because the distance is quite
far, we didn't see the perpetrator's face.
All we found was this note
and a cake, Ma'am.
[Police officer] Mom?
[Bumi] Mom!
- [Bumi] Mom!
- [Police officer] Ma'am?
[Police officer] Ma'am?
[tense music]
[running footsteps]
[Bumi] This was Mr. Sadewo's car, right?
Right. This was Mr. Sadewo's car.
[tense music]
[car crashing]
[Peter] Oh, dear.
[Peter] Mr. Sadewo was very drunk.
I even had to carry him.
And what I remember was
Siska drove the car.
[melodramatic music]
[Sadewo] You know what, kid?
[Sadewo] When your
mother took you to Paris...
I wasn't just broken.
I was numb.
Numb with devastation and loss.
I realized...
I couldn't throw away my broken heart.
But I have a piece of that broken heart
that I always keep.
The one that made me survive.
[Paris] What a funny analogy, Dad.
Is that why you break me?
[Sadewo] Wait.
[Sadewo] Why do you say that?
What I mean is every time I see Bumi,
it's as if I see a part of me.
That's it.
Bumi is not you!
And you should realize...
when you first met your child...
you should've made her happy.
Instead of bringing her down!
Listen, Paris.
Humans need to learn to fall
to learn to get up.
It takes a sense of loss
to be able to learn to find.
And it needs free space
to be able to grow and develop.
I've lost everything.
I've experienced that.
I don't want you to lose yourself.
[melodramatic music]
You know what, Paris?
For every man, there is only one woman
in his heart all his life.
It doesn't matter
whether he'll get her or not.
[melodramatic music]
Do you know what I'm doing?
Dad...
I'm fighting for what I truly love...
instead of giving up.
Because I don't know
what else I want to fight for.
I'm not you. Bumi is not you.
- [Sadewo] Calm down.
- [Paris] No!
[Sadewo] Don't cry.
[door knocking]
[sobbing]
[running footsteps]
[melodramatic music]
You haven't changed much.
Nobody changes.
I will change...
if you give me one more chance.
But I have to take responsibility
for something.
I might not be able to revive
the father of a child.
But at least...
I can give him justice.
Are you sure?
Are you...
doing this...
just because he's the man
your daughter loves?
No, Aryana.
I'm doing it because I want
to do something right in my life.
I'm tired.
Tired because all my life,
I have to make amends for all my mistakes.
I want us to be together again.
Me...
Paris...
and you.
[melodramatic music]
[Sadewo] Forgive me.
[Sadewo] Will you forgive me?
[melodramatic music]
[clinking glasses]
[Paris] I don't want to be
separated from Bumi, Mom.
[melodramatic music]
I love Bumi.
- [Paris] Are you freezing?
- No.
[melodramatic music]
[Paris] Bumi.
I don't want to be your pretend girlfriend.
Why are you so sweet?
[laughing]
[melodramatic music]
[upbeat music]